mrd6sh is a tool that along with builtin telnet support allow one to
interactively configure and obtain information from MRD6. The
following consists of a brief list of the most important commands.
Please note that most commands may be called by the least common
command prefix, for instance, 'sho gr' may be used instead of 'show
group'.

$ mrd6sh show group [<groupaddr>]

Display all group information, including possible MLD and PIM
information related to a particular group. A group address may be
supplied to obtain information about a single group only.

$ mrd6sh show group <groupaddr> detail

Outputs extra information related to group interfaces, in MLD's case
it outputs the full Multicast Filter, Source timers and particular
listener interest.

$ mrd6sh show mfa counters

Displays per-group and per-source state 60 second average forwarding
statistics.

$ mrd6sh show interface [<name> [extended]]

Displays all interface information, including PIM info such as known
neighbours and MLD information (Querier, etc). An interface name may
be supplied to obtain information about that interface only. If the
parameter 'extended' is used for a particular interface, also outputs
extra PIM information such as neighbour upstream Join/Prune info.

$ mrd6sh show mrib

Outputs the current contents of the Multicast Routing Information
base.

$ mrd6sh show rpf <address>

Matches MRIB prefix information (possibly including output interface
and nexthop address) for the supplied address. This command can be
used to check what information is MRD6 using to route towards a
particular source.

$ mrd6sh log attach default \"mrd.log\" all

Changes mrd.log's log level to All. Use this whenever you find odd
behaviour as it triggers the logging of all signaling information,
state changes, etc. You should use your log file name instead of
mrd.log if you use a different one.

$ mrd6sh show version

Important information that should be supplied while reporting bugs :-)

--

In case you are using the BGP module, the following command is also of
interest.

$ mrd6sh show bgp

Outputs current BGP neighbour state, including filter match
statistics, current BGP state machine state, uptime, etc.

